# Group-7-Spring-2025
## Setup, Startup and Accessing
### Local Manual 
#### Setup
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. Make a venv: `python3 -m venv myenv`
3. Load the venv
   - Windows(Powershell): `.\myenv\bin\activate`
   - Linux/Mac: `source myenv/bin/activate`
5. Navigate to the active_interview_backend/ folder
6. Install the requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
7. Generate a secret django key: `python -c "from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; print(get_random_secret_key())"`
8. Run a django migration: `python3 manage.py migrate`
9. Export these environment variables to your local machine
   - Windows(Powershell)
      - `$env:PROD = "false"`
      - `$env:DANGO_SECRET_KEY = "<your secret key>"`
      - `$env:OPENAI_API_KEY = "<your api key>"`
   - Linux/Mac
      - `export PROD=false`
      - `export DANGO_SECRET_KEY='<your secret key>'` (make sure to surround the key itself in apostraphes)
      - `export OPENAI_API_KEY=<your api key>`

#### Startup
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. <ins>(if you recently ran the clean-startup script)</ins> Repeat the manual setup steps 2-5 to set up the venv after it was erased
3. Load the venv
   - Windows(Powershell): `.\myenv\bin\activate`
   - Linux/Mac: `source myenv/bin/activate`
4. Navigate to the active_interview_backend/ folder
5. <ins>(if you changed a static file like **CSS** or **images**)</ins> Delete the folder active_interview_backend/staticfiles/: `rm -Rf staticfiles`
6. Run the server manually: `python3 manage.py runserver`

#### Accessing
`http://127.0.0.1:8000`

### Local Docker-Compose
#### Setup
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. Make a venv: `python3 -m venv myenv`
3. Load the venv: `source myenv/bin/activate`
4. Install the requirements: `pip install -r active_interview_backend/requirements.txt`
5. Generate a secret django key: `python -c "from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; print(get_random_secret_key())"`
6. Make an OpenAI API key.
6. Edit open a `.env` file in the root of your project and fill it out like so:
```
DJANGO_SECRET_KEY=<your secret key>
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your api key>
```

#### Startup
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. Run `docker-compose up -d --build`.  Same a production environment for now.

#### Accessing
`http://127.0.0.1`

## Debugging
### Network Issues
#### Arch Linux(And Derivatives)
Please follow [the last post on this forum thread](https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?pid=2025168#p2025168) to fix your local docker's networking issues.

## Cleaning
Every once in a while, your local environment may break because of a refactor, but the code works just fine in production.  Here is a way to clean your local environment on linux/mac:
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. `docker-compose down --volumes --remove-orphans`
3. `docker system prune --all --volumes`
4. `sudo systemctl restart docker`
5. `git clean -fdx -e .env -e active_interview_backend/db`

## Restarting Cleanly
I have created an linux/mac script that should make cleanly restarting local deployments in a way that avoids bugs much easier.  If you run windows, look at scripts/clean-restart.sh and do the equivalent commands for windows.
> [!CAUTION]
> Make sure to commit your code before using this.  The script can and will wipe all non-committed code, so you will lose work if you forget.
1. Navigate to the root of the project.
2. `sudo ./scripts/clean-restart.sh`

## AI Use
1. The git diff script in CI.yml was iteratively designed with the help of chatgpt.
2. The check_coverage.sh script was generated by chatgpt, although minor modifications have been made: https://chatgpt.com/share/67cf5f81-5500-8006-894a-7f8403fcc0f
3. The chatbox image on the homepage was generated by chatgpt.
4. The E2E authentication script is adapted from a ChatGPT response
5. The chrome and chromedriver install scripts in CI.yml are adapted from ChatGPT responses

## Technologies
1. Django
2. Nginx
3. Gunicorn
4. ChatGPT
5. Bootstrap 5
6. Docker-Compose
7. Digital Ocean
8. Ajax
9. jQuery
10. DOMPurify
